Where are you taking her?
Sister Huai, have you had enough trouble?
Mr. Xu, I'm sorry.
My friend here has something wrong with his brain
You should ask yourself if you've had enough trouble
After all these years, IQ is still the same worry
I've been deceived and I don't know yet
I've been in this business for so many years
You don't know my character yet
Mr. Xu, what do you do?
What are you doing? Let him go
Sure, you two are together
They want to threaten me with higher prices
I'll come and have a look later, that's enough
Zhou Huajie
I know you hate me because of the past
But I don't have time to mess with you right now.
Mr. Xu, I'm sorry.
There we go.
Who called the police?
How long have we been looking for you?
I finally hit you, go fast
Hey, Second Sister Zhu
Excuse me?
I misunderstood you.
Hey what's the matter, little beautiful woman
I have something to do